Added TOC and new sections on contributing to README (#23)
everest-engineering/lhotse: README.md

- [Features](#features)
    - [Axon: DDD and event sourcing](#axon-ddd-and-event-sourcing)
    - [Distributed command handling](#distributed-command-handling)
    - [Command validation](#command-validation)
    - [Event processing](#event-processing)
    - [Event replays](#event-replays)
    - [Security support](#security-support)
        - [User and Authentication Context](#user-and-authentication-context)
        - [Endpoint access control](#endpoint-access-control)
    - [File support](#file-support)
        - [Configuring Mongo GridFS](#configuring-mongo-gridfs)
        - [Configuring AWS S3](#configuring-aws-s3)
    - [Media support](#media-support)
    - [ETag HTTP headers](#etag-http-headers)    
- [Project Info](#project-info)
    - [Maintainers](#maintainers)
    - [Contributing](#contributing)
    - [License](#license)

# Tooling
This project uses [Java 11](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/11/).

The container system is [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

[Project Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/) greatly reduces the need for hand cranking tedious boilerplate code.

The build system is [Gradle](https://gradle.org/) and it supports all of the above.

> ## IntelliJ configuration

Reviewer: Should this title be a more general IDE configuration instead of IntelliJ specific?

`./gradlew build`

(Note that functional tests share the same port number for embedded database as for the containerised database, if
tests fail try running `./gradlew composeDown` first).

To run the application server, including starting up containers Postgres and MongoDB:

`./gradlew bootRun`

To create a docker image:

`./gradlew dockerBuild`

To see all available Gradle tasks for this project:

`./gradlew tasks`

To run the OWASP dependency check plugin, which will generate a report at `build/reports/dependency-check-report.html`:

`./gradlew dependencyCheckAggregate`

To run the dependencies license plugin, which will generate a report at `build/reports/dependency-license/index.html`:

`./gradlew generateLicenseReport`

## Semantic versioning
[Semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) is automatically applied using git tags. Simply create a tag of, say, `1.2.0`
and Gradle will build a JAR package (or a docker container, if you wish) tagged with version `1.2.0-0` where `-0` is the
number of commits since the `1.2.0` tag was applied. Each subsequent commit will increment the version (`1.2.0-1`,
`1.2.0-2`, ... `1.2.0-N`) until the next release is tagged.

## Jupyter notebook

> An initial [Jupyter notebook](https://jupyter.org/) can be found in 'doc/notebook'. It acts as an interactive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An initial [Jupyter notebook](https://jupyter.org/) can be found in [doc/notebook](doc/notebook). It acts as an interactive
```

Subscribing processors execute on the same thread that is publishing the event. This allows command dispatching to wait
until the event has been both appended to the event store and all event handling is completed. Commands are queued for
processing on a FIFO basis. It is important, therefore, to not use them for long running tasks.

Tracking event processors (TEPs), in contrast, execute in their own thread, monitoring the event store for new events.
TEPs track their progress consuming events using tracking tokens persisted in the database. TEPs hold ownership of the
tokens, preventing multiple application instances from concurrently performing the same processing. Token ownership
passes to another application instance in the event that a token owner is shutdown or restarted.

TEPs introduce additional complexity by not guaranteeing that projections will be up to date when an API call has ended.
TEPs should, in our opinion, be only used for longer running processing, during replays and when preparing projections
for new feature releases.

Axon also introduces the concept of processing groups as a way of segmenting and orchestrating event processing, ensuring

> that events are handled sequentially within a group. By default, Axon assigns each tracking event processor (TEP) to its

Reviewer: A few comments:
* Segment has a specific meaning in Axon, which is for segment workers within a single processor. 
* IIUC, processing group is really just a way to assign handlers to event processor. After the processor is assigned (at startup time), it does not do anything anymore. 
* Events are not necessarily sequential within a group. It's true for SEP, but not TEP. TEP can have multiple segment workers.
* The default behaviour of "one processing group per event processor" is applicable to SEP as well.

So maybe change it to something like the follows:
Axon also introduces the concept of processing groups and segments (TEP only) as ways to achieve high concurrency in event processing. By default, Axon assigns each event processor to its own processing group, ...
